README.md, before:

This is a for-fun / for-education PHP linter / tester, written in Python.

I got fed up with cleaning up PHP, trying to make it work nicely
I want something like gofmt for PHP, and none of the other options
out there seemed to do quite what I wanted...

Not that this one is, "production ready" mind you.  You should treat the output of this with care and inspect
things manually afterwards.  Please send me any test cases that bring up errors!

It's currently work in progress, somewhat messily written (sorry!), and still has a long way to go.

There are some missing features, but I'm working on them.

The intention is that this can either be run as a 'make sure my php is well
formatted' before committing, or else to clean up a load of legacy code and
format it correctly.

## usage:

The recommended way to use it currently is:

    php -l file.php  # test that it is actually valid php...
    phplint.py file.php > new_file.php # make a copy
    php -l new_file.php # check that phplint hasn't broken the php
    colordiff -w file.php new_file.php # look at all the differences that aren't space related

and then look at the files manually to make sure it all looks sane.

GPL Licenced.

Commit message:

added a few more tests (some of them not yet implimented! aren't I a good TDD lad...), as well as adding more cleaning up to the (expression) parser

README.md, after:

This is a for-fun / for-education PHP linter / cleaner /  "phpfmt", written in Python.

I got fed up with cleaning up PHP, trying to make it work nicely
I want something like gofmt for PHP, and none of the other options
out there seemed to do quite what I wanted...

Not that this one is "production ready" mind you.  You should treat
the output of this with care and inspect things manually afterwards.
Please send me any test cases that bring up errors!

It's currently work in progress, somewhat messily written (sorry!),
and still has a long way to go.

There are some missing features, but I'm working on them.

The intention is that this can either be run as a 'make sure my php is well
formatted' before committing, or else to clean up a load of legacy code and
format it correctly.

Although a bunch of features are missing, it's still usable as is, as I'm trying hard
to make sure it doesn't muck up stuff it doesn't understand.  You should still be careful, and use
a diff afterwards to fix things yourself.

I hope it will one day be good enough that you can run it on all code as part of your commit cycle,
and it'll keep everything pretty for you.

## usage:

The recommended way to use it currently is:

    php -l file.php  # test that it is actually valid php...
    phplint.py file.php > new_file.php # make a copy
    php -l new_file.php # check that phplint hasn't broken the php
    colordiff -w file.php new_file.php # look at all the differences that aren't space related

and then look at the files manually to make sure it all looks sane.

Alternatively, you can use it simply as a checker with

    phplint.py file.php > /dev/null

as it will print all issues it finds to stderr.

GPL Licenced.
